# Web Development Internship at Codsoft

July 2023 Batch - Web Development Internship at Codsoft! Below is a summary of
the five tasks I have successfully accomplished during the internship.

## Level1_Task1: Landing Page

The minimalist yet visually captivating landing page is skillfully crafted using
a seamless blend of HTML and CSS. Tailored to perfection, it offers an
aesthetically pleasing interface, thoughtfully designed to cater to the unique
ambiance of Omnifood food restaurant, ensuring an engaging and delightful user
experience.

## Level1_Task2: My Portfolio

Explore my comprehensive portfolio, a testament to my prowess as a developer.
Within this repository, you'll discover a dynamic display of my diverse skills,
innovative projects, and notable achievements. Join me on this journey of
technological exploration and innovation, as I present a visual narrative of my
expertise.

## Level1_Task3: Calculator

The Basic Calculator project is a web-based calculator application that allows
users to perform basic arithmetic operations such as addition, subtraction,
multiplication and division. The calculator provides an interactive interface
with a display screen to show user input and results. The calculator is
implemented using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, making it accessible and easy to
use in any modern web browser.

## Level2_Task1: Tribute Page

This project is a tribute webpage dedicated to Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister
of India, showcasing his admirable qualities and achievements. It is designed
simply with HTML and CSS to be visually appealing and serves as a simple and
personalized tribute. This tribute webpage provides a simple and personalized
way to express your admiration for Narendra Modi, the Prime Minister of India.

## Level2_Task2: Travel Booking System

Step into the world of Natours, a captivating full-stack application
meticulously crafted to offer enthusiasts the pinnacle of adventure tours. With
an unparalleled range of exhilarating experiences, Natours promises boundless
excitement, catering to users' thirst for unforgettable escapades and ensuring
every journey is an extraordinary exploration.
